[Untitled] Legation of Japan,Washington, February 26, 1904. [Telegram received by the Japanese minister from his Government on the 25th of February and left with the Secretary of State.] You are hereby instructed to communicate to the Government to which you are accredited that in the prosecution of the present war the use of some of the ports and some portions of the territory of Korea is found inevitable, and therefore, with a view to facilitate military operations and to show that such use of ports and territory is made with the full knowledge and consent of Korea, and not in disregard or violation of her independence or territorial integrity, and also in order to prevent future complications, the Japanese Government concluded with the Korean Government on the 23d instant the following protocol: Mr. Hayashi, envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary of His Majesty the Emperor of Japan, and Major-General Ye TChi-Yong, minister of state for foreign affairs ad interim of His Majesty the Emperor of Korea, being respectively duly empowered for the purpose, have agreed upon the following articles: Article I. For the purpose of maintaining permanent and solid friendship between Japan and Korea and firmly establishing peace in the Far East, the Imperial Government of Korea shall place full confidence in the Imperial Government of Japan and adopt the advice of the latter with regard to improvements in administration. Article II. The Imperial Government of Japan shall, in a spirit of firm friendship, insure the safety and repose of the Imperial House of Korea. Article III. The Imperial Government of Japan definitively guarantee the independence and territorial integrity of the Korean Empire. Article IV. In case the welfare of the Imperial House of Korea or the territorial integrity of Korea is endangered by the aggression of a third power or internal disturbances, the Imperial Government of Japan shall immediately take such necessary measures as circumstances require, and in such case the Imperial Government of Korea shall give full facilities to promote the action of the Imperial Japanese Government. The imperial Government of Japan may, for the attainment of the above-mentioned object, occupy, when circumstances require it, such places as may be necessary from strategic points of view. Article V. The Government of the two countries shall not in future, without mutual consent, conclude with a third power such an arrangement as may be contrary to the principles of the present protocol. Article VI. Details in connection with the present protocol shall be arranged as the circumstances may require between the representative of Japan and the minister of state for foreign affairs of Korea.